Add native MultiControlledX support to LT and fix multi-control one-wire target gates with arbitrary multi-control (#1169)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning: .github/CHANGELOG.md

<h3>Improvements 🛠</h3>

> - Add native `MultiControlledX` support to Lightning-Tensor.
>   [(#1169)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/pull/1169)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `MultiControlledX` gates are now natively supported in Lightning-Tensor.
  [(#1169)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/pull/1169)
```
Anything else we can add here? Does this provide a notable performance boost to particular benchmarks, for example?

<h3>Bug fixes 🐛</h3>

> - Fix multi-control one-wire-target gates with arbitrary control values support in Lightning-Tensor.
>   [(#1169)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/pull/1169)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the implementation of multi-controlled gates with a single target wire for arbitrary control values in Lightning-Tensor.
  [(#1169)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/pull/1169)
```
